README.md, before:

# Flashcard-App

## Lab 2

### App Description
This is a basic flashcard app that asks a question to user and gives answer to them on click.

### App Walk-though
Display question and answer on click:<br><img src="http://g.recordit.co/1P87roBJw9.gif" width=200><br><br>
Change in background color of question and answer:<br><img src="http://g.recordit.co/WsOJpDQ0gZ.gif" width=200><br>
Added shape drawables question and answer:<br><img src="http://g.recordit.co/P8jqsjV5RG.gif" width=200><br>




## Required
- [X] Create New Project in Android Studio
- [X] Add a view for the front side of the flashcard to display the question
- [X] Add a view for the back side of the flashcard to display the answer
- [X] Build in logic to show the answer side when the card is tapped
- [X] Push code to GitHub
## Optional
- [X] toggle the flashcard between the question side and the answer side
- [X] Style the question and answer side of the card to better distinguish between the two sides
- [X] Add shape drawables to the question and answer
- [] Add selectable multiple choice answers beneath the card
   - [ ] Change the background color of the multiple choice answers when clicked to indicate whether the question waanswered correctly
- [ ] Further customize and style the card

Commit message:

Added three options for users to choose from
Also changed the background color according to the answer. Red if incorrect and green if correct.

README.md, after:

# Flashcard-App

## Lab 2

### App Description
This is a basic flashcard app that asks a question to user and gives answer to them on click.

### App Walk-though
Display question and answer on click:<br><img src="http://g.recordit.co/1P87roBJw9.gif" width=200><br><br>
Change in background color of question and answer:<br><img src="http://g.recordit.co/WsOJpDQ0gZ.gif" width=200><br>
Shape drawables to question and answer:<br><img src="http://g.recordit.co/P8jqsjV5RG.gif" width=200><br>
Three options for users to choose from and change in background color according to the answer: <br><img src="http://g.recordit.co/qYAVCQNVvX.gif" width=200><br




## Required
- [X] Create New Project in Android Studio
- [X] Add a view for the front side of the flashcard to display the question
- [X] Add a view for the back side of the flashcard to display the answer
- [X] Build in logic to show the answer side when the card is tapped
- [X] Push code to GitHub
## Optional
- [X] toggle the flashcard between the question side and the answer side
- [X] Style the question and answer side of the card to better distinguish between the two sides
- [X] Add shape drawables to the question and answer
- [X] Add selectable multiple choice answers beneath the card
- [X] Change the background color of the multiple choice answers when clicked to indicate whether the question waanswered correctly
- [ ] Further customize and style the card
